fix: fluentbit should be able to run as nonroot [DET-5949] (#3160)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/3160-nonroot-fluentbit.txt

:orphan:

**Improvements**

> -  Security and Logging: if a non-root user is used to run jobs on Kubernetes, the Fluentbit sidecar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Security and Logging: if a non-root user is used to run jobs on Kubernetes, the Fluent Bit sidecar
```
